Fix C temperature (#7)
ErinBecker/sourdough-cinnamon-rolls: episodes/recipe_instructions.Rmd

- Mix the brown sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl.
- In a separate bowl, mix the glaze ingredients.

> - Preheat oven to 375°F (1.90°C) and batter a 12" cast iron skillet or deep baking container (glass or enamel will work just fine).

Reviewer: This added a typo with a period.
```suggestion
- Preheat oven to 375°F (190°C) and batter a 12" cast iron skillet or deep baking container (glass or enamel will work just fine).
```
